## OSPOlogy Touchpoints

TODO Touchpoints are collaborative sessions designed to foster a safe and open environment for the community to share experiences and explore best practices in open source program management. These sessions also explore its impact and relationship with cross-disciplinary themes, including security, AI infrastructure, compliance, community health, business strategy, and more.  

Each Touchpoint features a presentation by professionals with experience or a direct connection to open source management or OSPOs, followed by an open discussion under Chatham House Rules to encourage the exchange of ideas among attendees.  

Presentations can take various forms, such as:  
- A slide deck previously presented at a conference  
- A new tool or initiative your team is developing and would like feedback on  
- A hot topic or challenge aimed at sparking meaningful conversation  

## Format

Touchpoints are offered in two different timeframes to ensure geographic availability:  
- **APAC & EMEA Touchpoints**: Thursdays, 12:00 PM GMT  
- **AMER & EMEA Touchpoints**: Mondays, 5:00 PM GMT  

Exact dates are flexible and depend on guest availability. However, we aim to organize at least one session per month for each geographic meeting.  

### Sessions can include:  

- **OSPO News**: A list of articles highlighting trends and best practices in open source management for organizations
- **Guest Presentation**: A session led by an invited speaker(s)
- **Working Group Updates**: Updates provided by working group chairs
- **Open Forum and Q&A**: A discussion and question-and-answer session held under Chatham House Rules

During the open forum, we strive to ensure that at least one member of the Steering Committeeâ€”composed of experienced open source managers from various organizationsâ€”joins to participate and moderate the discussion.  


## Planning

We maintain a folder listing all in-progress and confirmed sessions [here](). Additionally, confirmed sessions are shared in [TODO Group Community Calendar](https://todogroup.org/community/meetings/)  

> If you are interested in presenting at a touchpoint, please email `steering-committee (at) todogroup.org` to lock in your session details, providing a short title and description and desired day and time to present

## Coming Soon - Program Committee

The Steering Committee is exploring options to officially establish a dedicated committee under TODO to oversee Touchpoint program planning and moderation. If you are interested in being part of the PC, you can contact `streering-committee (at) todogorup.org` for more information.


---

# Archieved (2021 - 2023)

## OSPOlogy Webinars

1. [What are OSPOlogy Webinars](#what-are-ospology-webinars)
2. [Event Page and past sessions](#event-page-and-past-sessions)
3. [OSPOlogy Planning](#ospology-planning)


## What are OSPOlogy Webinars

OSPOlogy community meetings are public monthly meetings of the TODO Group and wider OSPO community, everyone is welcome to attend and participate.
The community is welcome to participate in the several activities of the planning process:

**ðŸ™‹ Bring topics of interest to the OSPO community**

Some examples include:

* Present WIP or finished projects being done at your OSPO or open source initiative
* Share OSPO journey history behind your OSPO
* Share OSPO tooling that help the main activities of an OSPO
* Present research studies and/ or whitepapers to the community 
* Present a proposal for a potential research or whitepaper 

>Getting started: If you have a story to share, please add your topic to the following [CFP form](https://github.com/todogroup/ospology/issues/new/choose)

**ðŸ—³ Vote for upcoming sessions**

Topics are proposed by the community (via CFP submission) and selected by OSPOlogy Maintainers. You can learn more in the [GOVERNANCE.md file](https://github.com/todogroup/ospology/blob/main/meetings/GOVERNANCE.md)

To see existing proposals, take a look to ['ospology cfp' label](https://github.com/todogroup/ospology/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22ospology+cfp%22).

**ðŸ’¬ Moderate a OSPOlogy session**


## Event Page and Past Sessions

OSPOlogy meetings are published via LFQH Community Platform where everyone is welcome to attend:
https://community.linuxfoundation.org/todo-group/

**ðŸŒ… Season 1**

* [August 4 2021 - OSPOlogy: How to start an OSPO](https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-todo-group-presents-ospology-how-to-start-an-ospo-program/) - [Meeting Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1avhKMhFi9PJS9ktGJ6HdF5SOk972KBZr51x30kVxzsc/edit?usp=sharing)
* [September 1 2021 - OSPOlogy: Mentoring and Talent Management within OS Ecosystems](https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-todo-group-presents-ospology-mentoring-talent-management-within-open-source-ecosystems/) - [Meeting Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1l8_4bqvLKe8xEd8NxtXvtaca44dz2Uwg8pBcNdBvH-g/edit?usp=sharing)
* [October 13 2021 - OSPOlogy: The State of OSPOs in 2021](https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-todo-group-presents-ospology-the-state-of-ospos-2021/) - [Meeting Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1AoP0WxyGdTQxvJ2bmlmqNV_yfs0mQ6rT90NbH7wYi9k/edit?usp=sharing)
*  [November 17 2021 - OSPOlogy: Academic OSPOs](https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-todo-group-presents-academic-ospos-fostering-open-source-culture-at-universities/) - [Meeting Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1cf8ltMP8d6Ie6jZ0mz-rVw_lj1Ys3kZzS_L8U3iChG8/edit?usp=sharing)
*  [December 1 2021 - OSPOlogy: Governance in the Context of Compliance and Security](https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-todo-group-presents-ospology-governance-in-the-context-of-compliance-and-security/) - [Meeting Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1oMumdl4yMSeZ2wkHU9-MQaf9jYV0dHeYhzilA5oPsmY/edit?usp=sharing)

**ðŸŒŒ Season 2**

*  [February 2 2022 - OSPOlogy: Measuring the Business Impact of Open Source & OSPOs](https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-todo-group-presents-measuring-the-business-impact-of-open-source-ospos/) - [Meeting Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1KVC1zsRZWkDaNjIM_5Gp4FAp4CRXReflWYquVif2D_8/edit?usp=sharing) - [Discussion](https://github.com/todogroup/ospology/discussions/50)
* [March 2 2022 - OSPOlogy: Building an OSPO in the Energy Sector](https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-todo-group-presents-building-an-ospo-in-the-energy-sector-the-alliander-experiences/) - [Meeting Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/14r1E2y8MUeVXnWBAQZKlrp5CeAK9e7OpjBn-wOYadGI/edit?usp=sharing) - [Discussion & Alliander presentation](https://github.com/todogroup/ospology/discussions/63)
* [April 6 2022 - OSPOlogy: How Academic OSPOs Are Amplifying Research Impact](https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-todo-group-presents-how-academic-ospos-are-amplifying-research-impact/) - [Meeting Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1rXMmCFElVzcEeqNUA8Jf_2X_Dl8Kpb_11lcjGHXGXRk/edit?usp=sharing) - [Discussion & UC Santa Cruz presentation](https://github.com/todogroup/ospology/discussions/79)
*  [May 11 2022 - OSPOlogy: 3rd Party Outbound OSPO](https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-todo-group-presents-3rd-party-outbound-ospo-an-extrospective-approach-to-oss/) - [Meeting Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1VvVcnVrZ3fXK05wl7SnU6vDe_YqDOx4zzWTRlryDvNc/edit?usp=sharing) - [Discussion & Aiven presentation](https://github.com/todogroup/ospology/discussions/96)
* [June 1 2022 - OSPOlogy: The Strategies and Ideas Behind Spotify FOSS Fund](https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-todo-group-presents-the-strategy-and-ideas-behind-the-spotify-foss-fund/) - [Slides & Discussion](https://github.com/todogroup/ospology/discussions/116)
* [July 26 2022 - OSPOlogy: Growing an Open Source Culture Inside Sony](https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-todo-group-presents-growing-an-open-source-culture-inside-sony/) - [Meeting Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1FjcrDfwk60aGvujAADKV2Kh6FiPdeLo8CpI9d0IVBO8/edit?usp=sharing)- [Discussion & Sony presentation](https://github.com/todogroup/ospology/discussions/160)
* [October 5 2022 - OSPOlogy: Ways to Define a Metrics Strategy in your Open Source Program Office](https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-todo-group-ospology-presents-ways-to-define-a-metrics-strategy-in-your-ospo/) - [Meeting Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hr74s9MpOGUbulvQplGQZifzfwsjQjxZrqx8vOncsCs/edit?usp=sharing)- [Discussion](https://github.com/todogroup/ospology/discussions/194)
* [November 15 2022 - OSPOlogy - How to automate your FOSS policy and processes](https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-todo-group-ospology-presents-how-to-automate-your-foss-policy-and-processes/)

**ðŸŒ„ Season 3**

* [NEXT: January 18 2023 - OSPOlogy: How OSPOs Manage Change In Enterprises For Open Source Adoption](https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-todo-group-ospology-presents-how-ospos-manage-change-in-enterprises-for-open-source-adoption/)


