# Background

## Purpose of this guide 

For the people who work in open source program offices and/or are involved in open source, the inability to convince their business counterparts to become more involved is a source of frustration. Open source champions know that their companies are missing out on opportunities to build value for the business, but they don’t have the right arguments to get the rest of the company on board. This is reflected in the fact that only 36% of organizations have a formal open source strategy, according to research done by the [Linux Foundation](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/hubfs/Research%20Reports/2025GlobalSpotlight_Oct-27-2025%20V4.pdf?hsLang=en).

The goal of this guide is to give open source champions the arguments they need to have more productive conversations with those in the business who aren’t familiar with open source – or those who have misconceptions about what open source is and how businesses can get value from it. 

This guide is primarily focused on the benefits from not just passively using open source software, but also becoming active members of open source communities and/or publishing internal software projects as open source projects. In most organizations, using open source anonymously is uncontroversial – at any rate, everyone does it, whether or not the business stakeholders are aware that it is happening. The fact that open source is used ubiquitously throughout the business world is something that business leaders should be aware of and accept; if nothing else, it’s important to be aware of the organization’s open source usage because there are risks associated with using open source – it’s important to have the software bill of materials (SBOM) and to be aware of legal risks from the licenses. 

However, the potential for a true strategic relationship with the open source ecosystem opens up when organizations become active participants in the open source ecosystem, both by becoming active members of open source communities and by creating and maintaining their own projects and communities. 

One thing to note before going further, however, is to note that in open source maintainers, users and contributors are individuals. While organizations can own repositories and they can own trademarks and copyrights, contributions to open source projects have to come from individuals. It’s individuals who write and commit code, individuals who submit issues, individuals who submit pull requests and individuals who approve them. When you hire someone who’s been involved in open source, as an organization you benefit from the reputation they’ve built over the years in the open source community. Conversely, when an employee who has been involved in a project leaves your organization, they take with them the reputation they’ve built – and they can also take with them commit rights and maintainership of projects. When you’re just downloading and using open source projects this doesn’t matter much, but when the organization begins to have an open source strategy, it can become critical to be aware of and manage. 
