# OSPO Newsletter 40

## OSPOlogyLive Lyon, November 5 - 6

A workshop that brings together OSPO leaders, researchers, and open source practitioners to collaborate, share, and co-design solutions for better open source management across organizations in Europe.

Confirmed themes and organizations representatives include:

- FAIR Principles for better research software metadata – Software Heritage
- The OSPO Lifecycle – Ibrahim Haddad
- Copyright risks in AI-generated code – Software Transparency Foundation
- Open data and OSS disruption in SBOM tooling – SCANOSS
- Connecting Academia & Industry through OSS – CURIOSS and TODO Group
- InnerSource and OSS journeys – Thales
- OSS maturity and the role of foundations – LF Energy


### Upcomming TODO activities at OSSummit Europe


## 📚 OSPO Jobs

A list of OSPO related jobs published during this month!

- [🇺🇸 OpenAI | Product Manager, Open Source](https://openai.com/careers/product-manager-open-source/)
- [🇺🇸 University of Chicago | Open Source Research Software Engineer](https://uchicago.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/Chicago-IL/Open-Source-Research-Software-Engineer_JR30090)


## 📌 ICYMI Industry News and Articles
Here’s what you missed! A summary of the most recent OSPO-related resources:
- TODO Publishes new Whitepaper: The Lifecycle of an Open Source Program Office (OSPO): From Inception to Strategic Pivoting. a framework to help organizations understand and evolve their OSPO, from grassroots beginnings and executive sponsorship, to scaling contributions, integrating open source into core strategy, and reorienting toward new technologies like AI. [here](https://todogroup.org/blog/lifecycle-of-an-ospo/)
- TODO Launches its New Certification: Certified Open Source Developer for Enterprise (CODE). The first certification tailored to recognize enterprise-level open source development skills. [here](https://todogroup.org/blog/)
- OSPOlogyLive Amsterdam hosted by the Dutch Employee Insurance Agency brought together practitioners, researchers, and public sector professionals to tackle shared challenges in open source management. With a special focus on the public sector, academia, and industry, the event blended technical insights with governance strategy across topics like security, regulation, and collaborative development. [here](https://todogroup.org/blog/ospologylive-report/)
- Next OSPOlogyLive will be in Lyon (nOv 5-6, 2025) at RTE (Réseau de Transport d’Electricité) offices. Co-hosted with LF Energy in collaboration with TODO EU Chapter, Linux Foundation Europe, InnerSource Commons, CHAOSS, OpenSSF, CURIOSS, and OpenChain
- The CHAOSS project releases two new Practitioner Guides: Sunsetting an Open Source Project and Building Diverse Leadership.[here](https://chaoss.community/about-chaoss-practitioner-guides/).
- This article examines the Cyber Resilience Act (CRA) through the lens of open source software unpacking its legal structure, practical implications, and philosophical tensions with decentralized development. [here](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/cyber-resilience-act-open-source-regulatory-wake-up-threat-nkenchor-ssvvf/?trackingId=qcxmLq6r2W4O%2Bm6x8%2FhkHg%3D%3D)
  
  
## 📎 Upcoming Conferences and Call for Papers



---

- ✨ Find more OSPO insights within the TODO’s Guides and additional OSPO resources.

- 🧐 Do you have ideas on how to improve this newsletter? File an issue: https://github.com/todogroup/ospology/issues.

- 🫂 If you are new to TODO Group Community, make sure to visit TODO get started pages.

- 💚 Our General Members, OSPO Associates, and Ambassadors fuel TODO. Without their help and expertise, we would not be able to do the work we do. If your organization is interested in supporting the TODO Group, see more info here.
