# ðŸ’¬ OSPOlogy Regional Sync Meetings

- [About OSPOlogy EMEA](#ospology-emea-sync-meetings)
- [About OSPOlogy APAC](#ospology-apac-sync-meetings)
- [OSPOlogy Regional Sync Structure](#structure)
- [Official EMEA and APAC moderators's list](#official-moderator-list) 

## OSPOlogy EMEA Sync meetings

OSPOlogy EMEA Sync meetings were created with the aim of working together to improve OSPO adoption and education within the different APAC regions and discuss with the broader community the challenges these organizations face when implementing an open source program or a similar initiative, following the Chatham House Rules.

* EMEA-friendly time meetings are scheduled every last Thursday of the month: https://todogroup.org/community/ at 2pm (UTC) via Zoom (2023 link TBD)

* Duration: 45 mins

## OSPOlogy APAC Sync meetings

OSPOlogy APAC Sync meetings were created with the aim of working together to improve OSPO adoption and education within the different APAC regions and discuss with the broader community the challenges these organizations face when implementing an open source program or a similar initiative, following the Chatham House Rules.

* APAC-friendly time meetings are scheduled every last Monday of the month: https://todogroup.org/community/ at 8am (UTC) via Zoom (2023 link TBD)
* Duration: 30 mins


## Structure

In order to save time, **group intros are done via Zoom Chat**: please use the chat to introduce your name, main responsibility and preferred pronouns (if any).

### Role description

| Role | Description |
| --- | --- |
| âœï¸ Scribe | Record all discussions, actions and issues noted by the group |
| ðŸ™‹ Facilitator | Facilitates the meeting session. Their activities include: moderate the conversation and keep the topics Agenda on-track |

> Facilitators and Scribe roles are assigned by the end of the previous call
> Do you want to improve this README file? Please open a PR!

# Official Moderator list

Official list of OSPOlogy EMEA & APAC Moderators. If you'd like to be included in the list, please first [read the responsibilities and requirements](https://github.com/todogroup/ospology/tree/main/meetings/Sync%20Chaptersmoderator-list.md) and open an issue.
